[docs] update dogstatsd internals documentation. (#11110)
DataDog/datadog-agent: docs/dogstatsd/internals.md

* The buffer is full (contains `dogstatsd_packet_buffer_size, default value: 32`)

or

* A timer is triggered (i.e. `dogstatsd_packer_buffer_flush_timeout, default value: 100ms`)

The PacketBuffer sends it in a Go buffered channel to the worker / parser, meaning that the channels can buffer the Packets on their own while waiting for the worker to read and process them.

In theory, the max memory usage of this Go buffered channel is:

  * packet buffer size * packet size * channel buffer size
  * `dogstatsd_packer_buffer_size` * `dogstatsd_buffer_size` * `dogstatsd_queue_size`
  * 32 * 8192 * 1024 =  256MB

## Worker

Input: slice of Packets

Output: MetricSample sent

The Worker is the part of the DogStatsD server responsible for parsing the metrics in the bytes array and turning them into MetricSamples.

The server spawns multiple workers based on the amount of cores available on the host:

  * when we are not sharding multiple time sampling pipelines: the amount of workers created is equal to the number of cores on the machine minus 2. If this result is less than 2, 2 workers are spawned.

>   * when we are: the amount of workers is `(number of cores / 2)`.  If this result is less than 2, 2 workers are spawned.

Reviewer: - Please capitalize the first character of each list item.
- Please rewrite these sentences so they don't use "we". I'm not able to rewrite it myself, because I don't know what entity is doing the sharding. Is it the DogStatsD server, perhaps? In that case, you could replace "we are" with "the server is".
- Also please make sure that all list items are complete sentences. The second item should probably look something like this: "When the server shards multiple time sampling pipelines, the server creates `(number of cores / 2 )` workers. If this result is less than 2, the server spawns 2 workers"

The Worker is using a system called StringInterner to not allocate memory every time a string is needed. Note that this StringInterner is caching a finite number of strings and when it is full it is emptied to start caching strings again. Its size is configurable with `dogstatsd_string_interner_size`.

The MetricSamples created are not directly sent to the Agent Demultiplexer but first to a part called the Batcher.

## Batcher

Input: MetricSample from the Worker

Output: slices of MetricSample sent to the Agent Demultiplexer (which is distributing them to the TimeSamplerWorkers)

> The role of the Batcher is to accumulate multiple MetricSamples before sending them to the Agent Demultiplexer. Every time it has accumulated 32 MetricSample, it sends them to the Demultiplexer. These 32 MetricSamples are sent in a channel buffering 100 sets, there is one channel per TimeSampler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The role of the Batcher is to accumulate multiple MetricSamples before sending them to the Agent Demultiplexer. Every time it accumulates 32 MetricSamples, the Batcher sends them to the Demultiplexer. The Batcher sends 32 MetricSamples in a channel buffering 100 sets. There is one channel per TimeSampler.
```

I rewrote this in a way that conforms to our style guide, but I'm still a bit confused by what it's trying to say. What does the 100 sets refer to? Is it 100 sets of 32 MetricSamples?

> The size of a MetricSample depends on the size of the host hostname, its metric name, and its amount of tags. Based on hostname = 20 chars, metric name = 40 chars and tags = 200 chars, a MetricSample has a size of approximately 264 bytes. In theory, a `Batcher` can use 844kb of memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The size of a MetricSample depends on the size of the host's hostname, its metric name, and its number of tags. An example MetricSample with a 20 character hostname, 40 character metric name, and 200 characters of tags has a size of approximately 264 bytes. A Batcher can use a maximum of 844kb of memory.
```

## TimeSamplerWorker

Input: slice of MetricSamples

The TimeSamplerWorker runs an infinite loop in a routine, it is responsible of:

>   * processing slices of MetricSample sent by the `Batcher` (through the `AgentDemultiplexer`). It is embedding a `TimeSampler` to actually do the sampling.
>   * flushing on a signal
>   * stopping on a signal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Process slices of MetricSamples sent by the Batcher (through the AgentDemultiplexer). A TimeSampler embedded in the TimeSamplerWorker actually does the sampling.
  * Flush on a signal.
  * Stop on a signal.
```

> The amount of `TimeSamplerWorker` (and `TimeSampler`) is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following calculations determine the number of TimeSamplerWorker and TimeSampler instances:
```

>     * if `dogstatsd_pipeline_autoadjust` is `true`, there will be `(number of core/2) - 1` time sampler running
>     * if `dogstatsd_pipeline_count` is set to a value, it will be the amount of time sampler pipeline running
>     * otherwise, only one will be running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * If `dogstatsd_pipeline_autoadjust` is `true`, there are `(number of core/2) - 1` instances of TimeSampler.
    * If `dogstatsd_pipeline_count` has a value, the number of TimeSampler pipelines equals that value.
    * If neither condition above is true, one TimeSampler pipeline runs.
```
